Improving documentation (#23)
edx/edx-repo-health: docs/how_tos/add_checks.rst

========================
Adding Additional Checks
========================

This document explains how to add checks to edx-repo-health.

To get a better understanding of a check function, read `check_function`_ doc

.. _check_function: https://github.com/edx/edx-repo-health/blob/master/docs/check_function.rst

Steps to adding a check:
------------------------

1. Define what information you are gathering
2. Review existing checks for reuse or extension
3. Write your check(s).
4. Document you check(s).

Writing your check:
-------------------
1. write code to get your info
2. Add info to all_results dictionary
3. Document the key(s) added to all_results dictionary

Some guidelines:

- keep your check function body as small as possible
- as a standard, only add one key per check to all_results dict
- use pytest fixtures to implement lines of code used by multiple checks
    - often, multiple checks need info from same file, so we've implemented file read as a fixture

How to Add Data to "all_results":
--------------------------------

> - if you are creating a new module for your checks
>  - define a module_dict_key at top of file
>  - add info to "all_results" by::
>     all_results[module_dict_key]["info_key"]=key
> - if you are creating a new check in existing module::
>     all_results[module_dict_key]["info_key"]=key

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. if you are creating a new module for your checks,
   define a module_dict_key at top of file
2. add info to "all_results" by::
    all_results[module_dict_key]["info_key"]=key
```

Possible way to make less redundant. (Redundancy made it a little hard to tell if there was a difference between those two code blocks.)

Author: thanks for this suggestion, I was somewhat at a loss for decreasing the redundancy here.
